c:\users\earl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\prjDrugInventorySystem\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe.config
c:\users\earl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\prjDrugInventorySystem\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe
c:\users\earl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\prjDrugInventorySystem\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.pdb
c:\users\earl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\prjDrugInventorySystem\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.xml
c:\users\earl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\prjDrugInventorySystem\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.dll
c:\users\earl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\prjDrugInventorySystem\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.dll
c:\users\earl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\prjDrugInventorySystem\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.pdb
c:\users\earl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\prjDrugInventorySystem\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.xml
c:\users\earl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\prjDrugInventorySystem\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\earl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\prjDrugInventorySystem\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.vb
c:\users\earl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\prjDrugInventorySystem\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\Application.g.vb
c:\users\earl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\prjDrugInventorySystem\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\earl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\prjDrugInventorySystem\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\earl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\prjDrugInventorySystem\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\Application.baml
c:\users\earl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\prjDrugInventorySystem\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\earl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\prjDrugInventorySystem\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.g.resources
c:\users\earl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\prjDrugInventorySystem\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.Resources.resources
c:\users\earl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\prjDrugInventorySystem\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\earl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\prjDrugInventorySystem\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe
c:\users\earl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\prjDrugInventorySystem\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.xml
c:\users\earl\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\prjDrugInventorySystem\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.pdb
